README.md, before:

# AI-Assisted Development

A practical guide for implementing AI-assisted development workflows in software teams

<<<<<<< HEAD
## Overview

This repository contains resources, templates, and examples to help teams effectively integrate AI tools into their software development workflows. 
It provides structured guidance for leveraging AI assistants to enhance productivity while maintaining code quality and consistency.

AIs must read and adhere to the code standards.
Read the document below and follow the links in the document.
- [Code Standards](doc/code_standards/code_standards_index.md)
=======
## Documentation
>>>>>>> f2d3848718ec7cf89a150fad98e8c4443d53e31d

AIs must read and understand the project description.
Read the document below and follow the links in the document.
- [Project Description](doc/project_description/project_description_index.md)

<<<<<<< HEAD
For humans and AIs there is a suggested workflow for AI assisted development
- [Workflow](doc/tasks/workflow.md)
=======
### Project Organization
[Project Description](./doc/project_description/project_description.md) - Example of how to document project architecture for both humans and AI

### Project Organization
[Workflow](./doc/workflow/workflow.md) - How to work with development


## License

This project is available under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
>>>>>>> f2d3848718ec7cf89a150fad98e8c4443d53e31d

Commit message:

Modified the templates. Added example project

README.md, after:

# AI-Assisted Development

A practical guide for implementing AI-assisted development workflows in software teams. 

It is the type of development were the developer goes through all code generated by the AI and commonly requests or does changes.

This repository contains resources, templates, and examples to help teams effectively integrate AI assistants and agents into their software development workflows. 
It provides structured guidance for leveraging AIs to enhance productivity while maintaining code quality and consistency.

Here is a real life example of this standard in practice:
- [Example Project](example_project/README.md)

Modify below this line and remove the part from this and upwards

# [Name of project]

## Project purpose
The purpose of this project is to [...]

## Code standards
AIs must read and adhere to the code standards.
Read the document below and follow the links in the document.
- [Code Standards](doc/code_standards/code_standards_index.md)

## Project description
AIs must read and understand the project description.
Read the document below and follow the links in the document.
- [Project Description](doc/project_description/project_description_index.md)

## Workflow
For humans and AIs there is a suggested workflow for AI assisted development
- [Workflow](doc/tasks/workflow.md)

### Instructions, tasks and progress
Instructions for the AI, tasks and the current progress is found here.
- [Task Overview](./doc/tasks/task_overview.md)
